Hey guys in the last video of set of an image carousel in the homepage in this video we're going to
set and arrest a service they'll be use for API calls.
Let's start opening up of how shall we know then typing in and generate service the rest API.
Enter
now right and you surf again.
Let's open up our text editor and open more Jew TS
here with imported important arrest a service and declared as a provider.
Now that's open arrest a service
here.
It's important to be clean and declare inside a constructor.
It's also create the get method and the post-marked that that get met that gets the resource using the
link provided and returns the result as a promise.
The same is being done for the method as well to request a body is being posted a link and return as
a promise.
In this video we've created a service that will make GET and POST actually to be close in the next review.
We're setting up a better service which we use to store data.